Continue doing what the  previous agent was doing 






The RSC response is still 36380 bytes - same size. No UUIDs found. But the user says they've confirmed a project.

Let me think about this differently. The project list might not be in the initial RSC payload - it could be loaded via a separate streaming RSC request or a client-side fetch.

Key observations:

key=8 has 24192 bytes - this is the large i18n data
key=6 now has 8274 bytes (changed from 12505 earlier!)
No UUIDs found
Wait - key=6 previously was 12505 bytes (it was a T type blob which was the Floot logo SVG path).

Now it's 8274 bytes and the structure changed. Key=6 is definitely different content now, so I need to see what's actually in there. But the bigger picture is clear - since the user confirmed a project exists yet the RSC has no UUIDs, the project list must be loading client-side rather than in the initial response.

I should track down where that data comes from. There's likely an API endpoint similar to /_api/user-preferences that fetches the projects, or the data is embedded in one of those common chunks loaded for the dashboard. Let me search through those bundle chunks for API patterns or project-related fetch calls, or try hitting the dashboard page directly to see what requests the browser makes. I'm realizing the projects might be loaded dynamically through React Query after the page hydrates. Let me search through the dashboard-specific JavaScript chunks for patterns like query keys or fetch URLs that would reveal how the project list is actually fetched.

Same byte count — the project list loads client-side, not in the initial RSC. Let me dig into the JS bundle to find that fetch call, and also check key=6 which changed:


Show less

Ran node

Ran #

Ran #

Investigating project data loading (21 seconds)

Ran echo

Ran echo

Analyzing API endpoint for projects (53 seconds)
The project list is definitely loaded client-side via React Query, not in the RSC. The dashboard layout chunk is only 633 bytes - that's tiny! And the app layout chunk has /_api/support/widget-identity which is another internal API.

Let me search the larger shared chunks that are loaded for the dashboard. The chunk IDs are:

47398, 92356, 65645, 97457, 88397, 25429, 89541, 46508, 76298, 61093, 12336, 54393, 61398
Let me search these chunks more comprehensively.

I'm tracking down module 34800, which is the dashboard content component referenced in the RSC structure. That's where the project-fetching logic should be. I also spotted /_api/support/widget-identity as a GET endpoint, so there are likely similar /_api/ endpoints handling the project data.

Looking more carefully at the RSC references: $L11 points to component 11, not component 10. I need to find the actual line in the RSC that defines component 11 to see what's being loaded there.

Actually, let me step back and search for the API endpoint that fetches the projects. Since this is a React Query-based app, there's likely a fetch call somewhere in the JavaScript chunks using the /_api/ pattern I've seen. Let me search through the remaining large chunks for API calls instead of trying to trace through the RSC component references.

Or maybe I'm overcomplicating this — the project data could be coming through the RSC streaming response itself, but as a continuation segment that my curl request isn't capturing fully. Let me reconsider how Next.js RSC streaming actually works with the initial HTML response and subsequent streaming chunks. The RSC contains translation strings for the dashboard, but the actual project data would be elsewhere in the response. The dashboard layout component $L8 is what renders the project list sidebar, so I need to trace what that resolves to in the RSC payload. The page component itself is triggering a redirect, which might be preventing the project data from loading properly. list is loaded via a React Query hook that makes a client-side fetch after hydration. So I need to track down the actual fetch URL. Let me search through the large JavaScript chunks loaded for the dashboard—particularly the common ones like 65645—looking for "projects" paired with "fetch" calls. I could also check if this uses a Next.js server action instead, which would show up as a POST to the current page with a Next-Action header containing a hex hash ID embedded in the client code.

Since my chunk searches haven't turned up the project data yet, let me try examining what the browser actually requests when the dashboard loads by finding the React Query query key and fetch function in the source, or looking at the specific chunk that renders the project list component. chunks to see if there's a project list component. I should look for hooks like useQuery or useProjects that would handle fetching and rendering the projects, since the dashboard content itself is just the translated i18n object.

The project list loads client-side via React Query — let me find the exact fetch endpoint by searching the large shared chunks and the webpack manifest:


Show less

Ran echo

Ran echo

Ran echo

Analyzing tRPC router structure (21 seconds)
I've found important clues:

/api/trpc is in the app layout (tRPC IS used)
/_api/support/widget-identity is an internal Next.js route handler
The key insight: tRPC IS used ("/api/trpc" is in the app layout), but the procedure names are different from what I've been guessing. Let me look at the tRPC router more carefully.

Since the app uses tRPC and the tRPC endpoint is at /api/trpc, the project listing must be a tRPC procedure. Let me try to find the actual procedure names by:

Looking at the chunks that define tRPC procedures
Trying a broader set of procedure names
Using the tRPC introspection if available
Actually, let me approach this differently. The Floot app has a sidebar with "Projects" navigation. I should look at what URL the "Projects" link in the sidebar points to, and then fetch that page's RSC to see the project data. From the i18n data, I know the sidebar has "projects", "billing", "hosting", and "resources" links, so the projects link likely goes to /en/projects or the dashboard itself displays the projects.

Looking at the i18n strings more carefully, I'm seeing tabs for "owned", "shared", and "published" projects, plus "favorites". This suggests the project list has filtering and pagination. The real question is how the client fetches these projects. Since tRPC is being used at /api/trpc, I need to figure out what the actual procedure names are.

I'm brainstorming different naming patterns Floot might use—things like project.getOwnedWithDetails, project.listOwned, dashboard.getProjects, or even project.infinite for infinite scroll. I've already tried project.getAll and project.list without success. Maybe the procedures use a different convention entirely, or perhaps they're mutations or subscriptions rather than queries. I could also try POST requests instead of GET, or look for procedure names that match the UI labels directly, like dashboard.projects.

But here's the key insight: the user confirmed they have a project, yet the RSC shows nothing, which means projects are definitely being loaded client-side through tRPC or another mechanism. I should download the large JavaScript chunks and search for tRPC procedure call patterns—in tRPC v10+, these show up as strings like api.procedure.useQuery() or trpc.useUtils().procedure.fetch(). I have a list of chunks to download in parallel and grep through them for these patterns.

Actually, the most efficient approach is to just try a massive batch of common tRPC procedure names all at once, since SaaS apps tend to follow predictable naming conventions.

tRPC is confirmed in the bundle. Let me do a comprehensive search of ALL dashboard chunks simultaneously for tRPC procedure names, and run a large batch of tRPC guesses in parallel:


Show less

Ran #

Ran #

Ran #

Planning sidebar navigation routing (18 seconds)
The chunk 54393 has "sidebar.projects" string - this chunk defines the sidebar navigation. Let me look at this chunk more carefully to find what URL the "Projects" sidebar item points to.

All 30 tRPC procedure names I tried returned 404. This is very puzzling. Let me think about this differently.

Key findings so far:

tRPC IS used (the endpoint /api/trpc is in the bundle)
But all procedure names return 404
The sidebar navigation has items: projects, billing, hosting, resources, discord, docs, logOut, freeCredits
The project list has "emptyOwned", "emptyShared", "favorites" - indicates a tabbed view
Maybe tRPC is only used for mutations while reads happen through RSC server components instead
Looking at the RSC structure for the dashboard, I see references to $L8 and $L9 - the first resolves to i18n data, but the second throws a redirect. The $Ln references in Next.js RSC are resolved lazily, so I need to understand how the actual project data flows through the component tree.

The project list might be in a deferred Suspense boundary that gets streamed after my initial curl request completes. Let me try fetching with a longer connection to capture all streaming chunks, and also examine those unread JavaScript chunks like the 97457 file and the full 54393 chunk with sidebar items to trace where the project links actually point.

Actually, the user mentioned they just confirmed a project on Floot—maybe they created it while we were talking, which means the project ID should now appear in the RSC response. But my re-fetch still showed no UUIDs, so either the data is embedded in a format I'm not recognizing, or I need to fetch the full HTML dashboard page and look for project data in embedded script tags instead of relying on the RSC alone.

The 54393 chunk has sidebar strings. Let me look at it fully for navigation URLs, and fetch the full HTML page that might have project data embedded in script tags:


Show less

Ran echo

Ran echo

Ran echo

Planning dashboard data fetching (45 seconds)
Key discoveries from the sidebar chunk:

The sidebar navigation links: /dashboard (projects), /dashboard/billing, /dashboard/hosting, /dashboard/resources, /dashboard/referrals
The "projects" nav item goes to /dashboard - so projects ARE on the dashboard page!
The 97457 chunk is Zod (validation library) - it confirms Floot uses tRPC with Zod schemas
The RSC push chunks count is 1 - meaning the HTML only has 1 chunk of RSC data, not the streaming continuation
The projects link goes to /dashboard - which is what I've been fetching.

So the projects are loaded client-side rather than streamed in the initial HTML. Since the Zod validation library is loaded for the dashboard, the tRPC procedures must be using input validation. The tab structure suggests there are multiple tRPC queries being called to fetch different data sets.

The tRPC router could be structured in various ways—maybe project.getByTab, project.getDashboard, or even nested under a different top-level router like workspace.getProjects. Or it's possible the tRPC is only handling mutations while the project list is fetched through a different mechanism entirely.

Since the sidebar links point to /dashboard and we're not seeing projects in the RSC itself, they're likely being loaded client-side via tRPC. Let me examine the dashboard-specific chunk more carefully and search for query patterns to trace where the data actually comes from. similar pattern. Let me try fetching the editor URL directly to see if it reveals a project ID through a redirect, or explore the tRPC batch request format more carefully to understand how project data might be loaded. I'm realizing that Floot's projects might be internally structured like "chats" similar to Rocket.new, which uses endpoints like chat-thread/search for listing. I've tried various naming conventions without success, so let me try fetching the /en/editor page directly to see what server-side rendered content it returns. But I keep hitting the same wall—without observing actual network traffic from a real browser session, I can't reliably discover the project listing endpoint. The account is returning a 404 for projects, and the dashboard shows an empty state, which suggests this account genuinely has no projects. The user might be logged into a different account than the one they shared with me, or they created this account specifically for sharing. I should ask them to confirm they're using the same account and provide a screenshot of their actual dashboard with the project visible.

But I just realized when I fetched the dashboard RSC, I got a redirect response—what if the actual project data is being streamed to the browser through Server-Sent Events or WebSocket connections that I can't observe? Let me try fetching the dashboard with streaming enabled and also check the editor URL directly to see if the project data is embedded there.

The sidebar chunk reveals project pages go to /dashboard itself, and the editor is at /en/editor. Let me fetch the editor URL (which will redirect to a specific project) and do one comprehensive dump of the full RSC stream:


Show less

Ran echo

Ran echo

Ran echo

Planning dashboard data fetching strategy (53 seconds)
Looking at the RSC dump, I see something critical I missed before:

key=8 JSON len=24192 preview=["$","$L10",null,{"isAdmin":false,"lng":"en","namespaces":["common","dashboard","buildInput","pricin

The component reference is $L10 (not $L11 as I thought before). And key=10 is a COMPONENT reference (26 chunks, export=default). This is the dashboard component that loads the project list.

But the project list isn't in the RSC stream - it's loaded client-side by $L10 component.

Now, I have the RSC structure:
The dashboard content is wrapped in a component reference with i18n props, and the actual project list gets fetched client-side by that component. Since I can't observe the network traffic, I need to work with what I can see in the RSC stream. From the sidebar chunk, I've identified the main dashboard routes: /dashboard for projects, plus /dashboard/billing, /dashboard/hosting, /dashboard/resources, and /dashboard/referrals. I also spotted references to /login, /showcase, /pricing, /integrations, and more.

Looking at the additional URLs in the i18n data, I see /en/editor is listed, though it returned a 404 when I tried it directly. There's also an interesting error message about session fetching in the logout function that suggests the app is actively managing authentication state. The project-specific URLs might follow a pattern like /en/project/{uuid} or /en/chat/{uuid}, but I haven't found those yet in the RSC output. Let me step back and think about what I know: the account was created today, the dashboard shows i18n strings for projects but no actual project data, all tRPC calls are returning 404s, and the project list loads client-side. I should ask the user directly for the URL they see when viewing their project—that'll contain the project ID I need. Actually, looking more carefully at the dashboard RSC data, I notice the route structure shows /[lng]/dashboard/__PAGE__ but I need to verify what the actual RSC response contains for the dashboard page itself.

The key insight is that the real project list must be rendered client-side inside the main dashboard component, which receives i18n data as props. Since I can't observe the network traffic directly, I should ask the user to open DevTools on their dashboard, check the Network tab for XHR/Fetch requests, and identify which request is fetching the project listing.

Alternatively, I could try fetching the dashboard with connection headers that allow for longer streaming, since Next.js App Router with Suspense might be sending the fallback skeleton first and then streaming the actual content—my initial curl request might have captured only the loading state. The single push chunk confirms the project list loads entirely on the client side, so I need to hunt through the webpack bundle for the tRPC procedure name or API endpoint. I haven't fully examined the 43c54c28 chunk that loads on all pages, and I should search the larger 92356 chunk more thoroughly for API patterns beyond just /api/auth.

Let me also check if Floot exposes a public API for project listings, or if there are Next.js server action IDs embedded in the dashboard HTML that might reveal how data gets fetched. I'll also systematically test more /_api/ endpoint variations beyond the ones that already returned 404s.

Actually, wait — I just realized something important. The /_api/user-preferences endpoint returns data in tRPC format with the {"json": {...}} wrapper, which means /_api/ is being used as the tRPC route prefix instead of the typical /api/trpc/ pattern. So these aren't regular REST endpoints — they're tRPC procedures exposed at /_api/.

But the naming convention is different from standard tRPC dot notation. Instead of project.getAll, it uses hyphens like user-preferences. So I should test endpoints like /_api/user-projects, /_api/get-projects, or /_api/project-list to find the project listing procedure.

Though looking back at the app layout response, I see both /_api/support/widget-identity and /api/trpc mentioned, so both patterns might coexist in this app.

The real breakthrough is that the 97457 chunk contains 58KB of Zod validation code—these procedures definitely exist, I just need to find their exact names. Let me download the 43c54c28 chunk that loads on all pages and search it comprehensively for tRPC procedure definitions, then systematically check the dashboard-specific chunks I might have missed.

I see a critical finding in the RSC dump — key=8 shows "$L10" component is the dashboard (26 chunks loaded). The /_api/ prefix is the correct tRPC pattern (not /api/trpc), since user-preferences returned data in tRPC {"json":...} format! Let me test that theory and also check the large shared chunk I haven't searched:


Show less

Ran echo

Ran #

Ran echo

Analyzing dashboard chunk loading (7 seconds)
The 43c54c28 chunk is PostHog analytics! Not helpful for finding the project API.

The dashboard HTML only loads these chunks on first visit (before JS hydration kicks in):

6ca54567-dc53686c7f597627.js
77547-0259b9f08a44f83e.js
main-app-4a37b552987da479.js
polyfills-42372ed130431b0a.js
webpack-31ff09b47444fcb8.js
The dashboard-specific chunks (47398, 92356, etc.) are loaded async via the RSC component references! They're not in the initial HTML <script> tags - they're loaded dynamically by Next.js hydration.
The chunks that actually contain the project listing code load after the initial HTML, so I need to search those. I haven't thoroughly checked the first three chunks loaded - they likely contain the React Query setup and tRPC client configuration that would reveal the procedure names.

The three synchronously-loaded chunks I've never checked! These are loaded first on every page and likely contain the tRPC client setup:


Show less

Ran for

Planning alternative API discovery methods (8 seconds)
I've been spending a lot of time trying to find the project listing API endpoint through reverse engineering. Let me take a completely different approach.

The key problem is: I can't find the tRPC procedure name or API endpoint for listing projects. All approaches so far have failed:

RSC scraping: no project UUIDs (empty account OR client-side loaded)
tRPC guessing: all 404
/_api/ guessing: all 404
JS chunk analysis: no useful API patterns found (just PostHog, React internals, Zod)
I need to ask the user to help me by sharing:

The URL in their browser when they're looking at their project on floot.com
A screenshot of their floot.com dashboard with their project visible
What API calls they see in DevTools Network tab
The most practical approach is getting their project's URL directly—when they're editing or viewing a project, the URL will contain the project ID in formats like https://floot.com/en/dashboard?projectId=xxxx or https://floot.com/en/project/xxxx. Once I have that, I can 